---
layout:     post
title:      英文自我介绍
subtitle:   复试用
date:       2022-4-5
author:     锦瑟无端五十弦
header-img: img/me.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Study
---

Respected Professors，Good afternoon! 
   I'm great honored to meet you here.
   My name is Suke, 23 years old. I come from Kaifeng, a beautiful city of Henan Province. I graduated from East China University of Technology in July, 2020 and major in majoring in Nuclear Engineering and Technology.
   When I first graduated, I wanted to become independent faster, so I signed up for China General Nuclear Power Group. I first studied at the Suzhou Nuclear Power Research Institute (SNPI) for half a year and then worked at the Yangjiang Nuclear Power Station.When I first started working, I was very happy. The brothers on duty were very kind to me and took me to various activities, basketball, football, swimming, etc.However,with time going on,I came to realize that going to work, leaving work, and playing games every day was not what I wanted.I wanted to know more, and the curiosity that had nowhere to go was unbearable for me. I now have plenty of time to play, but I don't think it's fun anymore.
   I remembered my childhood dream of becoming a scientist exploring the unknown. And so it is now. I want to learn more, I want to make a little contribution in my own ability, even if that contribution is minimal to human beings, but I feel that I have realized my value.So I quit my job in July 2021 and started my path of study. After about half a year of study, I now have the opportunity to stand in front of the distinguished professors. I'm really excited. I sincerely hope to have the opportunity to study at your university. 
   That's all, thank you professors.
